citroen porta francoforte lacatus is a
concept that prefigures the lines of the
next on the small one also found himself
enter this hard-fought one
segment but I don't know we'll see
let's go see something more though
real that can be related can be
buy soon version of ds3
we have the whole line ds and ds4 le
we know we have tried them in
just try a 3 field diet in
these days but new version ds3
racing
what changes the colors you look beautiful
matches this matte black with the roof
and of course golden rims
more powerful motorization seats
sports
also present in the cabriolet version
here too a beautiful gray and this
I like most are the seats with the
painted shell of this very fuchsia
detail that is also taken up
externally in a band under the
rear-view mirrors but is located
not even picasso and here in frankfurt
but I had so many dicks
we are going around the stand
here it is the grand picasso with the
motor € 650 horses that puts only
110 grams of co2
a car really very much
spacious futuristic we look only
the dashboard that the display that
practically a triumph of LCD displays
double with even touch infotainment
very beautiful screens
the headlights front the front that is in
also common with the picasso
normal so not with the grand picasso
what differentiates the two cars the
back section
obviously bigger for the grand
picasso with three-dimensional LED headlights
which we have seen insert in the range from
citroen with the ds3 cabrio and here the trunk
there really is one of this great picasso
the world is huge there are also two
seats in this look of sixth and the
seventh place instead of the rear of the
c4 normal picasso here it is
more if we want more conventional
sloping which makes you lose a little
city ​​in the trunk
maybe electric but I strained it for
pull it up
you see less load capacity we lose
the two back packs the back line
decidedly sportier with this
not vertical cut but slightly
inclined